Well, I know that love lies
Well, like surprise, when you do the strange, keep changing
Hey, lover, hold my hand for a long time
And we won't know that now I'm in love with you, baby
You said you'd like to live in the romance
Thank you, thank you, thank you
And welcome to the Nerd Melt Showroom
Like it says over and over, and don't be sad that it's all over
My name is Curtis Armstrong
Love better, love just lover
And I am just for one night your temporary cop-troller
And I wanna, I'm a goner, love just lover
And please give a big Harmontown welcome to our mayor
He's honoring himself, Dan Harmon
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
Guest cop-troller Curtis Armstrong
He wasn't mad at me, I remember when I was
We really have to talk about that because I actually heard about that from like other sources
Somebody stopped me on the street
In London?
No, here, he was here, after I came back here
Leah, who's not here, but usually is here, said you have to talk to Dan because he's upset and he thinks that you don't like him anymore
This is my worst nightmare
But I thought I'd been really clear, I just was gonna be gone for a few weeks, I really like you
All right, all right, now that you had to tell me that, are you sure you now don't like me?
No, no, no, now I'm more sure than ever because I've actually been thinking about it
Oh, okay
And because what happened was, she stopped me, it made me think, do I really like him?
It was a good opportunity to check in
So for a few days I had that to mull over, and then I'm coming in and I can assure you I do
Oh, that's fantastic, this is actually, okay, that was my worst nightmare because I didn't want to be high maintenance
But now, this is my biggest dream, which is perfectly conditional love
Pretty much, yes
As a child, if you receive anything less than unconditional love, and really let's face it, who got unconditional love in their home?
Probably Dave Kline, who's here again tonight, I think maybe he got unconditional love, because he seemed to...
That was a very demure yooop, it was filled with maternal love
But yeah, no, not the case in my home, I mean, you definitely knew if you had behaved in a way that made you deserving of love
Or as I like to call it, not getting hit, and so, you know, I think that drives me very much creatively
It probably also complicates a lot of my relationships, so it actually sent a tingle up my spine
When you said that combination, you said, it made me think, do I really like him?
And I was like, yes, this is the dark circle that I have to dance on the rim of
And then jackpot, I earned it, I earned it
Normal people are just like, well, of course he likes me, I'm a perfectly fine person, and if he doesn't, why would I care?
Not me
Well, how was your trip? How was your daughter?
My daughter is wonderful, and she's actually working the big festival that's going on as we speak called Field Day with lots of bands
And she's doing that, she's done with school, she loves school
And I spent 10 days with her, without break, it was wonderful
Yeah
I mean, you know, I thought about you from time to time
But it was great, thank you for asking
Alright, awesome, can you guys see okay? You're here, alright, okay
There's Seth, the hitchhiker
Hi
So it's a little less hitchhiking what you're doing at this point, you're just sort of orbiting the show
Hey, I'm leaving tomorrow
Okay, alright, well we're not yelling at you
Usually hitchhikers travel in a line, whereas you've been kind of circling
But that's, hey look, that's better than what I'm doing, which is, I'm just, I'm just jerking off
Not right now
That would be amazing if you could do it with no hands
Alright, so, oh okay, so I just want to, let's talk about our art, this is our art segment
So we've got music for the art segment
Sometimes things are to exist at art TV or games
So I was, I mean, so I have this ongoing, like, I don't know, what do you call it, like a feud
Or it's a bee in Aaron's bonnet
My lovely wife, Erin McGathy, who's also not here with us, she's spending time with the dogs
Because we were away from them all weekend
And Jeff is just sick
But so, Erin, like, I don't know, she's an artist, she's more, she's a visual person
She sees colors and things, and I always, I always just like, I think colors are dumb, you know, like, I don't, they seem pretty pointless
I think the point of them originally was that, you know, we're primates
And so we needed to recognize if an apple was going to kill us if we ate it
But now we have, we have genetic engineering and, you know, all apples are fine
They're injected with preservatives
Yeah, it's like, we've finished it, we've taken God's place
And so why not just lower the bit value of the graphics in the universe
We could probably expand our RAM or our CPU
If things were just black and white, imagine how much more Earth there could be, possibly
I know that's not how the universe works, but I'm just saying, like, maybe our brains could process more
If we just didn't see color, we're like, how about eight colors?
Because that's the only ones we can name, really, and then people say, oh, egg shell instead of white
And it's like, that's white, that's dumb, to me it's dumb
But so Erin was always like, she showed me this magazine and she had this kind of smirk on her face
And she shows me this, like, grid thing
It's like, it's this thing with like a thousand lines in it, and she's like, how many colors do you see here?
And I'm like, I don't know, like, the usual eight dumb colors
And she's like, you know, I'm a tetra-hakamagaba
Like, there's some, she's got more cones or rods or something in her eyes
She's a tetra-chromat, tetra-chromats?
Where are my tetra-chromes at?
She's immensely proud of this, which I would equate to being proud of your race, which is bad
It seems like a vile quality in a person, like, what is the difference between that and saying, like, you know I have very little melanin in my skin
I'm like a snowbank
Oh, so you're, okay, great, you're racist, so, but she's like smirking because she can see, like, I don't know, more of them than I can
She's enough that you could, but I'm like, wait, how many can you see? She's like 20 or 30 or something, whatever the number is, 38
And as I'm like, well, are you talking about all the different shades of the colors?
And she's like, yeah, well, how many shades do you see?
And I'm like, are we really talking about each individual shade, each striation that you can see on this thing?
And she's like, yeah, and I'm like, well, I mean, that's ridiculous, but one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17
And she's like, shut up, stop it, you're lying
25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 33? 33, I guess, I mean, there's probably a couple more, but I'll lowball it
And she's like, fuck you, you're lying
And I'm like, no, I'm not, colors are dumb
I got more cones too, I'm a tetracycline
But I just throw them away, they just go into my eye and I just go
Because they're dumb, you don't need them
Who needs more colors? You know who had more colors in grade school? The rich kids
Going by Crayola metrics, those were rich kids
They also had a sharpener built into the front of the box
Little, little, little, little, little born rich parasites
Because dads didn't hit them
I had to earn every fucking crayon in my shitty little stepped on box
Broken chunks of like, just like caveman pigment
I had to go out and dig up clay and ochre
And like, make red, because my parents are like, there's red out there, go get it in the yard
There's red on your pillowcase, yeah, because you guys don't give me enough water
I got a lot of nosebleeds when I was a kid
I thought I was an alien abductee, do you believe in alien abduction?
I do, I do, I do, yeah, I think that's a real possibility
Huh, yeah
I'm assuming you don't
I did when I was a kid, I was like, I think that's a thing that you gravitate to when you're a kid
Because it's a real...
It explains a lot
Well, yeah, it helps you cope, I think, you know, the fantasy that you're special
The world is hard for you for a reason
Maybe these people are coming and getting you and then they're like, you know, milking your prostate
Telling you secrets about the environment
You're destroying it
We know things that you can only find out from cow anuses and like, go back to your world
But we're gonna keep coming back and giving you nosebleeds and you're so special
I'm still waiting for you to explain why none of this makes sense
It still does, I'm not like that
When you grow up, why do you not believe in that anymore?
I think I started to, well, I started to learn about things like sleep paralysis
Which there's this, I don't know if it's a good documentary, Aaron and I just watched it tonight
The guys that made the documentary about the shining, Room 237, is that, am I getting that right?
That's a really interesting documentary that everybody should watch
This one's also very interesting, I hesitate to use the words good documentary because I don't know if it's...
Because it's just a bunch of people talking about their sleep paralysis experiences
It's very interesting, but maybe that's different from a good documentary
Shut up, Dan, just shut up
Alright, now start talking
First check to see if everyone likes you
Sarcasm
I can tell when it's fake, I can always tell when it's fake
So, the, god damn it, sleep paralysis, you know what I'm talking about
So you go to, have you ever had that?
No, I've had it
Oh, it's terrifying, I've had it
How many people have had sleep paralysis experiences?
Really?
It's a very common thing
The odd thing is, it's very common for it to happen very rarely to everybody
It's very uncommon for it to happen all the time to a few people
Which is, some people have it every night
And they're living in like a sort of strange hellscape
Where they have no choice but to like make friends with the shadow people
And give them names and stuff, I go, that's the one with the hat
By the way, hats aren't scary by the way
They show like the shadow, because one of the symptoms of sleep paralysis
One of the things that happens is the intruder
This happened to me, this is a terrifying thing
Sometimes a lot of people talk about things on their chest
Just in case anybody doesn't know what this is
I mean, the scientific theory is that when you go into REM sleep
Which is when you're going to start dreaming
The scientific explanation for this is that your body releases a, or your brain releases a chemical to your body
Or something that keeps it from moving whenever you'd want to move it
Like when you're reaching for a big cookie in your dream
So you don't gouge your wife's eyes out
So it's a natural part of REM sleep
Supposedly to just, your body is supposed to not move and cannot move chemically
However, you're always supposed to be unconscious and sleeping when that's happening
And sleep paralysis is when either while waking up or going to sleep
When you get to the same, there's an overlap where you are awake and your body is completely paralyzed
And so then your middle brain starts to panic
And then these things, these very common things that happen
Like people see things on their chest that are like, you know, demonic kind of iconography that happens
And like one of the most common things is just this shadowy figure in the room walking toward you
And it happened, and there's like these archetypes like the shadow, the little shadow man
And the guy with the hat, which is, again, not scary
It's like a hat, it looks like a pizza logo, it looks like Rocky Rococo
And then there's an evil hag, which I feel like, because I saw like a cloaked figure
I was like 20 years old, I was sleeping at my parents house
Probably laundry or something, doing laundry for the weekend and I was crashing in my old bedroom
And this happened to me and I woke up and I couldn't move and this, I mean, it's so real
There was a cloaked black figure in the corner of my bedroom that just strode confidently toward me
I could hear every footfall on the carpet, it was like, it was really, really there
It wasn't a visual hallucination, it was like, I was sensing all of it, the proximity, the sound of its footsteps
And this like image of, I think, a female figure, kind of cloaked and permanently in shadow
Just marching across the room toward me, which is just, you know, sometimes you see a coat rack in the dark
And you're like, holy shit, oh god, that scared me for a second, but this is a person in the room that is like there
It's not like, oh, that looks like something, it's there
And it's just like, marched across the room and just kept coming at me
As soon as it, as if it just wanted to do just that, just wanted to put its face in my face
And which is like, that's even scarier, because you're like, why would you want to just scare a person?
Because you're crazy, so you, so it's like, and then as soon as the face got close enough to touch my neck
I finally was able to, because the whole time you're trying to scream and you can't
And then I finally went, mom!
And I was 20
And I like bolted up and then I just sat there and I was like, catching my breath in the adrenaline
As I'm realizing this was all, this was not real, but I just shouted out, mom
And then I just kept waiting, and I was, I thought about saying, I'm okay
But then I was like, let's see what happens
Never nothing
And I just went back to sleep
Wow
And I've had a couple of experiences that fit in the same category, but that was the legit textbook sleep paralysis
It's never happened to you
Never, absolutely not
And did it ever happen after that to you?
Yeah, I've had like a couple weird like related kind of things
But not like that
Nothing that was really terrifying
No, like I've had just generic, I wake up and I can't move my body and I panic
And then I'm suddenly able to move it
But like not with the goo guys coming at me
And I've also had like weird like, I would have these things in my mid-20s where like
It's like my, it's like all of a sudden I'm sleeping and then I'm awake, but I can't move
And then my whole self, but my body's still in the bed
My whole self starts getting thrown around the room, banged up against the walls
Like somebody's trying to pull my soul out of my apartment
But for some reason it can only move it around in the room
So it's just banging into every wall and ceiling
And I can kind of see that I'm still in bed
And then finally at a certain point it manages to get out and I shoot up into the sky
At like the speed of sound, I'm assuming
And it's like, it's actually kind of cool, I'm like, holy shit I can fly
This is going to be amazing, I'm going to be like this new kind of hero
I can do this at night and I'm assuming I won't be able to get shot or stabbed
So I could probably fight crime or at least discourage it
And I'm like, there's just this elated feeling of like, holy shit I'm flying, I'm flying, I'm flying
And then just gives way as the physics of it like start to kick in where you're like
I'm not flying, I've been rocketed upward, I can't fly
I'm just really high up in the sky and you feel the momentum stop
And then you're like, now I'm going to fall
And it's like, what?
It just turns into one of those falling nightmares and then you wake up
So anyways, and you just
I would actually have told that one first
That's a lot more dramatic than the woman walking towards you
Well, noted, alright
That's good, it's conditional love
Keep letting me know when I fuck up
They were both good stories though
What are your dreams about, like a gumdrop tree? Fuck you
I had unconditional love
You just like a, you dream like we assume dogs do, you're just like chasing a rabbit
And then while you're sleeping you're like
Your wife's like, oh, he's dreaming
He's so cute
I am cute when I do that
Do you ever see the YouTube video of the dog that's dreaming and it's doing like, it's like running on its side
And it's like, and then it's like, it's running and then it starts to like
It starts to run really fast and then it like looks behind it
Like it's snarling, like it's clearly being chased by something it doesn't like
And then it kind of, it gets up and runs full speed into a wall right next to it
And then wakes up
And then it just kind of like sits there like, yeah
I mean, who do you talk to when you're a dog, when that happens to you
You got nobody you can go to with that
Alright, so colors are dumb
You know, I'll save that for when Spencer's out here
Alright, okay, well let's meet a new friend shall we
Sure
I invited somebody, you know, somebody that I've been interacting with throughout my career from time to time
You know, we're not, we don't hang out ever
I think we're like Commissioner Gortons to each other
Neither of us is Batman, but we're just using that to illustrate distance and respect
Big grudging functional vigilante respect
The system has failed us both
And there we are
The funniest moment in the good Batman movie, the middle Christian Bale one, the Heath Ledger one
I always laugh when Commissioner Gortons goes into the bank vault and it's like fluorescent lit
And then he's like, oh no, the money's marked or whatever
And then he turns, it's like one of the cops turns and Batman's just hanging out
It looks so funny, he's like, I know he does that all the time because he's like a detective
But it's just weird that he would be like, hey, I'm here
Like he had to get into that room and it's like, usually Batman comes in through like little windows and things
And it's usually nighttime and this is like just noon and it's like, there's like fluorescent lights
And it's just funny, it's also funny to cut from someone looking and then just a hard cut to Batman
He just looks like, oh he just looks like the biggest nerd in that moment
There's no way enough for that to look cool
It's like, because we've seen people under fluorescent light dressed as Batman
And we've never gone like, ooh
We've always just, at best we'll go like, hey can I get a picture, man? You look really awesome
It's a single gunshot from the back
No note, but a brief check of his closet at home tells us the whole story
Alright, yeah, sorry, I was introducing this guy
Apparently this guy needs no introduction
He's really what he is, he's the editor of TV Guide Magazine
But because the world is changing, one of the cruel tricks of fate is that he has a new title
Which is just not as sexy
He's still just as important, but he's now called the chief content officer
Poor guy
But he's awesome and he's a sort of, I don't know, he's my TV talking buddy
It's Mike Schneider
I think they like it when you sit there, yeah, that's your mic
So we're talking about dreams, right?
You guys have these dreams that are so vivid that you wake up the next day
And you're still not quite sure if it was real or not, if it really happened or not
Yeah, like when you're in your early 20s, and I always had those dreams where you'd find a $50
And it's like you really need $50, that's like a lot of ramen noodles and pot and stuff
And you're like, it's like such a low-stakes dream that you're like three hours into your shower
Three hour shower
Three hours into your day when you suddenly realize you don't have $50
It's so sad
The biggest letdown of the day
So I had this really weird dream last night, and maybe amateur psychologists dream catcher Dan Harmon can help me with this
So in my dream, I'm suddenly a contestant on Jeopardy
But for some reason, they've sold like the branding rights to Dunkin' Donuts
So there's a new Jeopardy set, literally right behind Trebek is a functioning Dunkin' Donuts branch
Where they're actually selling donuts on the set
During the game show?
During the game show, they're in the background like selling donuts
And Trebek is standing up there, and Trebek doesn't give a fuck anymore
Trebek is like, I'm done with this
So the episode is going on, and it's me and two other contestants
And he's talking to us, he's asking us about ourselves
But he never gets around to actually asking any questions
So halfway through the show, suddenly people in the audience start screaming out
Trebek, ask a question!
And he just sort of glares at them and goes back
And he starts asking me again about, you know, what I do for a living
And it still says zero underneath me
And meanwhile, they're making donuts in the background
I'm actually thinking, that donut looks pretty good
Alright, so corporate America has changed the media escape to a point where
Although you're a nice guy and feel fulfilled and know who you are
The clock is running out on your life and you're not achieving anything
That's pretty good
So literally today, I go and I run into my brother-in-law
And the first thing he says out of his mouth is
Hey, they're opening a new Dunkin' Donuts in Encino!
What?!
You were, I don't know what that meant, but
Like the first thing, like today, it's following me
That's weird
It's bizarre
I mean, I know Dunkin' Donuts aren't rare
But that's definitely weird
I haven't heard the word Dunkin' Donuts all week
If I dreamt about a Dunkin' Donuts and someone mentioned it
That would be, I would consider that notable
Notable evidence of paranormal activity
That's why the very first thing I brought up on your podcast right now
Was my Dunkin' Donuts stream for some strange reason
There was one story of the sleep paralysis thing where the guy was talking
He told a story about how there was a demon standing over him
And telling him, you're gonna die, I'm a demon
But then his girlfriend sat up screaming
Yeah, but she said that said demon on it
Demon with two D's for a double dose of this
A demon
Um
His girlfriend sat up screaming
And she was having a night terror
And in her nightmare
There was a cat sitting on her chest
Speaking in gibberish to her boyfriend
At the same time
But the cat, it was a giant black cat
And a lot of people report that
I think it's just an explanation for this giant
Your mind is trying to put an object on something that makes no sense
And a lot of people make it a big black cat
Her big black cat had red eyes
And so did this demon
At that point in the documentary I said
I don't know if I believe that
And Aaron said why
Because that's kind of like confirmed proof of supernatural activity
I'm not like a cynical skeptic about things for no reason
But then again I take it very seriously
If somebody asserts like Jeff does
That he predicted 9-11 when his dream
You know it's like
I just get really quiet and wait for Kumail to
Start point making fun of him
He did that and I predicted the Dunkin Donuts in Encino
So it's kinda
But that's right on the bubble
I mean that's intriguing to me
Because I feel like that's possible
It's too coincidental that she's dreaming of a black cat with red eyes
And there's a demon with red eyes
I don't know, I feel like someone's lying
But what do you make of this paranormal shenanigans?
I mean I like, I just
What's strange about that one is that those two events were happening
Supposedly at the exact same time
Which is very weird
Aaron said well this guy has this thing happen to him every night
In one form or another so it's only a matter of statistics
Well then it would make sense that she was having nightmares like that
Because if this happens to him all the time
That's a good point
Yeah
Have you heard the stories of the people who actually can't fall asleep
And after a couple of weeks of not sleeping
They start to actually hallucinate the things that they're dreaming
That they're actually dreaming but they're awake
I've been in that state
Yeah
Toward the end of every season
I'll go a couple days without sleep
But there's a sort of delusional state that sets in
Which is actually really cool
And you stop needing as much sleep
The same way you've heard this
And may probably experience it
Your body suppresses illness
Like your body has this sense of like
Well she needs to get her work done at the hospital
Or whatever for this week
This is a rough week
And you feel like you're maybe gonna get sick
Or you've been exposed to all these colds and stuff
And you're not getting sick
And you're just like I guess I just don't get sick
And then the week ends and you just like collapse into mucus
Like because your body's like yeah fuck you
You were sick the whole time
But the same thing
It works that way with sleep too I think
After a while after a certain amount of sleep deprivation
Kids try this
You can actually just like sleep for 20 minutes at a time
And then just when you wake up
And it's like there's no way you got enough sleep
But your body is just now on the Atkins diet of sleep
Where it's like just give me a little nibble of ham
Just give me something
I don't need this knickers bar
I don't need to sleep for 8 hours
But I get it you're an asshole
Give me a little berry from a bush
So I can keep going
It's pretty cool
Because I will fall asleep while typing
And then you wake up and then you read
Just weird shit
And then I would fall asleep in writer's rooms
And I'm kind of like half like I'm still asleep
But my eyes are open and I'm just saying something
Like I'll just start to be like
Well what if Annie's jealous of Britta
And so she does this and then I'll go
Uh, what about Minecraft?
Or something that else that's out of like
From other part of my brain
And everyone will get this weird look on their face
And I'll get embarrassed
And I'll go take a nap in my office
Sounds healthy
Yeah
But it made the show so good
Um
Again
I can tell when it's lies
I'm not interested
I'll tell, look I know
That's you guys saying
Hey we enjoyed season 6
And thank you very much for saying that
All over Twitter too
Thank you
Ham girl
That keeps me going
But
Oh no please they're standing up in the back
Oh no don't everybody stand up
I thought that might work
I thought if everyone thought a standing o
Was happening behind them
You could like start one from the back
Uh
Not like the real standing o I got
When I wrote those Oscars
That Hugh Jackman hosted
Sean Penn just fucking leaped to his feet
He was like
Yes best Oscars ever
That's amazing
And then Ed Harris was like
I agree I don't care
Morgan Freeman was like
Yeah
Um so uh
So by the way
National Treasure Curtis Armstrong
Oh oh oh I thought
He wasn't in National Treasure
That's Steve Zahn
That was very nice of you
Thank you
No he's I mean
It's right
Yeah don't get me started
It's the guy
Well it's one of those guys
One of those guys
The K-12 dude
Yeah
I get a lot of tweets from youngsters
Now that are watching better off dead
Because they
Because you became a friend of the show
They'd never seen it
Which I'm exceptionally proud of
Because that movie does hold up and is awesome
And it's like nice to see somebody go
Holy shit I just rented this
I never would have
And it's so amazing
I know I really like seeing those
That's really nice
Yeah
Shit okay so
What the fuck was that
We were gonna talk about TV
Probably I assume
But what with the
Yeah don't
Yes everybody gets lots of sleep
Um
Alright
Well yeah let's talk about TV
So it's the Golden Age of Television
Which is true because TV is higher quality
Than the movies
Because movies are big international business
So we're just churning out these like giant movies
And the weird cultural shift is now that
Yeah you look at Disney and Warner Brothers
And the majority of
It's the big DC or Marvel franchises
Or what they're kind of focusing on
Or also some Pixar in the future
But really that's what the movies now are
So all the other stuff
Yeah and you're averaging out
Instead of making like
Something that's about an insight into
For instance like American
Domestic culture
And then exporting it
To other countries as television
Where there could still be that cultural like
Oh this is an American show
I know that going in
Like the movies are like
The American audience is like a fraction
Of the box office that they even care about
Didn't they release the New Avengers movie
In China before here
Or it was like America was like the last
Yeah and you know what's interesting too
Is now they're having to sort of
There are certain things they won't do
In some of these big movies now
Because China is such a large percentage
Of the box office
And that's just the tip of the iceberg
In terms of like the effect of
If you're making a movie for an entire planet
And you need it to be this big crazy movie
And obviously a byproduct of that
I mean one effect of that is that
CG is going to get really good
And it really has and it's amazing
We can do anything now
And to the point where I was watching Mad Max
I had no idea
Everyone that keeps walking out of Mad Max
Is always saying the same thing
They're all going
I don't know how they did that
And I literally mean
I don't know if that was a practical car
Flipping through the air
Or maybe the tire was CG
But the car wasn't
Weirdly, I know something about that
Which I usually don't
But I happen to know something about that
Because of Genevieve Pearson
Who you know
Genevieve, we love Genevieve from
King of the Nerds
And she did some research on it
Every car effect is practical
They may have layered stuff over it
But all of the car stuff is practical
There are other things that are CGI
But a vast amount of that movie
Was actual practical stuff
And the guitar guy
Was a real guy
We love the guitar guy
You would expect a movie like that to be
It just doesn't look like
To me, I'm not a big fan of his movies
But it doesn't look like a CGI movie to me
Even at the parts where I know it has to be
There are moments of that movie
That I thought were just beautiful
It seems like the camera is always
In the perfect position
Which is the effect of the CG
With media scape
Entourage on the other hand
All CG
Including the script
Wow
I don't know where those three booze
Were coming from
I have never seen a frame of entourage
And I'm fine
Oh, you got some binging to do
I told that to somebody
And they said, actually
They kind of studied me for a second
As they mulled it over in their head
And they said, I think you're
Experiencing entourage the right way
It's like trickling through the water table
To you
It's like, you don't need to see any episodes
It's more of a...
That's how I experience the real housewives
I never actually watch them
I just kind of, for whatever reason
If you live in this culture
You sort of just know what's going on
In the show shows?
Yeah, there's no...
So the movies are
Visually
Incredible
And with the exception of your
Odd Mad Max or two
They're all kind of dumb
Whereas TV
Until we get...
I don't know
Because it's cheaper now
And it's lower stakes
It's getting really, you know
Good
He said at a weird octave
And getting gooder
It's getting good
And there's lots of shitty shows
But there's so many
That there's something for everybody
And there's all kinds of amazing stuff happening
So
One part of this Golden Age of TV
Is serialization
Like, you know one can argue
That Breaking Bad wasn't a great show
Well, someone can
I'm sure
Who is that person?
Roger
That guy's an ass
He probably doesn't like Breaking Bad
Yeah
Somebody's got to push back
But anyways
I'm saying like
There's no more serialized show
I mean, he just did Macbeth
Over five years
And slowly spiraled this character
Into this beautiful
Demise of spoilers
But the...
He breaks bad
And then it gets worse
But
So here's me
And it's not just because
I'm a sitcom guy
I don't think
Like, I have this like
Is it...
Is my...
Aversion to serialization
Is my view of serialization
As a crutch
As bad craftsmanship
Is that a...
Is that now officially
A hang-up that I have?
So I need to let that go
You just...
George R.R. Martin is in the back
What is it specifically
About the serialization?
It feels like cheating
Because I grew up in the 80s
On TV that was like
So supremely crafted
No matter how dumb it was
There was a sense of craftsmanship
Nobody in Shears ever made a...
Picked up a Rubik's Cube
Because it was in the headlines that week
I'm sure there's...
It's not like the shows aren't dated
But there was also the...
The attempt was for timelessness
And the attempt was for perfect modularity usually
And then when...
It's that shark-jumping thing
Or the actual etymology of shark-jumping
Being from serialization
When the shows start to get desperate
They start saying to be continued
And I guess that's the association I make
It's like you're starting to...
I started to feel like when
The internet really started to threaten TV
That's when we saw TV start to do like
Really quickly
It was all this like
What I regard as a dirty trick on the audience
To like throw some weird
Nonsensical thing at the end of an episode
And then go, huh?
Now what are you going to watch next week?
And it feels like you're holding them hostage
It's not the same as Breaking Bad
Which is like...
But I've always...
People have heard me rant about
Everything I've ever ranted about
That makes sense to me Breaking Bad broke that rule
And did it well
I think the difference is now that
Because of the way we now watch TV
You can watch it back to back
And back in the day before DVRs
Before streaming
You missed episodes
No one watched an entire run of any series
Because you might be out one week
You might miss a couple episodes
So they had to be kind of self-contained
So you could jump in and out
And now you don't have to do that
Most shows, if you really like a show
You are going to watch every episode
And there are fans who want to
Get to know these characters
And who want to go on this journey
With these people
I think there's something for everyone
What's weird is even though
All these shows now are serialized
Shonda Rhimes is making billions
Out of serialization
But then you also have Dick Wolf
Who suddenly has four shows on the air this fall
All of those shows are actually still self-contained
They all take place in Chicago
So if you're like fire, then you got one
If you're like PD, you got one
That's much more like the serial
Style of
Pick whichever serial you like
Do you think Dick Wolf is still actively making TV
Or do you think he's in a glass coffin?
Has anyone ever seen him?
I think he's under Mount Rushmore
And the people are fanning him
Or pumping fluid
Into some kind of chamber
I don't even think there's scripts coming out
I think it's just like
Some young writer comes in
And smears
Some of the embalming fluid
On his face like war paint
And goes
And then he charges out on a horse
To a typewriter and creates a new law and order
Please note
I'm still saying Dick Wolf is a very valuable player
In the television industry
There is a contribution there
I just think it's more spiritual
Ritualistic probably
He's making a lot of money
He is out there
He's kind of the master of it all
You're not going to get me to
Poopoo all over Dick Wolf
Oh man, are you kidding me?
I hope my work speaks for itself
I've made love to Dick Wolf
Several occasions
I hope not during SBU though
Just please not during SBU
How much is his name though
Because it's like perfect
The episode's end
He hung himself while masturbating
And then it just says Dick Wolf
It's like
Such a visceral, it's like a mic drop
Dick Wolf
Dick Wolf before he dicks you
It would be too
On the nose to
If it was Wolf Dick
This is childish
So it still looks like a name
But you're getting all those ingredients
It's like Dick
Wolf
Pretty strong, right?
Yeah, strong, strong
It sends the subliminal signal
I just watched a strong show
That overreacts to the moon
The
Okay, so yeah, okay
I've reached a verdict
It's a hang up of mine for a bad reason
In childhood, I was watching
Television that was produced by people
That were much like the people producing features
Today, they were afraid
To engage the audience
Too much narratively
Because it was ratings poison
And that's not craftsmanship
That's corporate
Just manufacturing
But that's like me saying
I don't know, is it me or is Lucky Charms
Better than Flay Mignon
It's like, come on, don't be a dope
I mean, I'm no foodie, but it's like
Yeah
I think because back when we were growing up
Those serialized episodes
Were pretty cheesy, pretty bad
So to find out next week
Whether or not Gordon Jump actually is molesting Dudley
Right, they were
Death rattles of desperate shows
And it was sad to see
Previous shows that a few weeks earlier
Had cultural efficacy
And now you're watching them wheeze
And cough and tell you to
I remember
Different strokes was like, man
It had a lot of death rattles
There was that molestation episode
And then there was Dudley and
Dudley and Arnold both got
Locked inside
A car on the
Knight Rider set
They were visiting Knight Rider
Because fuck it
Because someone was just looking out the window
In the different strokes Rider's room
And then they looked at the clock
And they were like, what if he went over there
NBC Synergy
Home by three productions
But they
It was so
Ridiculous because Arnold got
He visited Knight Rider
Talked to Knight Rider
I think they maintained within the fabric
Of the show that Knight Rider is an actual
Talking car
I'm okay with that because it's like
It's canon
Different strokes canon
Then he goes into a car
I don't think it was a kit
It was a different car
And he gets locked in the car
It's not even possible
And then two crew
Hands like walk up
And go
Hey, should I move this car?
No, what are you crazy? That's the car we're going to blow up
In the next scene
And the audience goes
They had the same reaction as they did to Dudley
Getting molested
Oh, that's the car they're going to blow up
This is not how Hollywood works
What is the Flintstones?
Anyway, cars don't talk
I'm Andy Rudy
Remember
There was the sitcom template
Where someone got trapped in something
And they were possibly going to die
So on Punky Brewster
Her friend got caught stuck in the refrigerator
Of course
I remember the Threes Company episode
Where they were stuck in that freezer
And they could have died
It was number 72
On the list of sitcom tropes
It was a simpler world
The Incredible Hulk won an Emmy
For Best Dramatic Series
Simpler time
I think Lindsay Wagner
Was at her name
I think she got an Emmy for Best Actress
In a dramatic series
For Bionic Woman
Anyways
Derejevel, what do you think?
Yeah
I'm a fan
Absolutely
I like that friend of his
He stopped after the pilot
Because of that friend of his
What do you mean?
His friend just seems a little foggy
Yeah
I was a little thrown by his performance style
I'm lowering my voice because
Because Marvel lawyers are listening
No, it's because
I get the distinct impression
He's probably a fan
Just because
He's acting a lot
Like a guy wandering around Comic Con
Not so much like a professional actor
He just kind of stumbled on set
Yeah
He's supposed to be the comic relief
Call me your hair
Knock it back
Bangs are flying all over the place
I don't know
I'm talking about him
He'll become your favorite character
He gets better and better
Fine
I think of all the
comic book adaptations
To me, The Flash
They killed it in Season 1
I haven't seen it
They did a really great job
It's a lot of fun
It's so accessible
I watch it with my 5 year old
I don't know if I'm dad of the year
There is some death on the show
There are times where I'm
Wondering if I'm
Injuring this kid
But he enjoys it
What are The Flash's
Limitations
That seems like a pretty extreme
Super power to just be able to do
Everything faster than everybody else
That's right next to
Flying
Do people just sometimes stick their arm out
And wait
And that's like his kryptonite
Is it a patient close line
There's a lot of baddies out there
There's the reverse flash
What does reverse flash do
What does he do
Same speed backwards
Or super slow
That would be great
There was a flash
There's a flash villain
In the comic book world
You're a big fan of this character
What was his name
The Turtle
The Tortoise
He was the world's slowest criminal
I've only read the description
I've never seen it in the comic book
It was like give me a break
He was a great nemesis to flash
Because as described
He's so slow
That flash
Would get to the scene of the crime
Investigate it
And leave before the turtle
Ever got there
That's pretty slow
That's actually
He's not a criminal at all
That's the time
Space continuum
Flash's nemesis is just people who haven't done anything yet
That's not
He's just an impatient guy
That's person of interest
Seriously what is reverse flash
What does that mean to be a reverse flash
The character
The guy from Ed
Whose name is escaping me right now
Tom Kavanaugh
Are we giving away spoilers by the way
Because I'm realizing
I know exactly
Spoiler alert
The first season hinges on reverse flash
And what he is
Fine
So what are white walkers
How do they work
And how do you kill them
How are you feeling
About Game of Thrones right now
I'm behind right now
And we're missing tonight too
A couple episodes behind
There's been some controversy about Game of Thrones
I guess it's just inevitable
The show was so flawless for so long
And everybody's eyes
There's like two lobes
To the controversy as far as I can understand it
One is
That they're starting
They're departing from the books
More and more
I don't know if it's accurate to say more and more
But I thought I heard something that their plan
Was to actually depart from them
To an extent that it would be okay to just coexist
Yeah and you kind of have to at some point
But I'm curious what you guys think
Are you guys cool with them going in a different direction
Than the books
They're almost caught up to the books anyway right
So wouldn't they have to
Right I mean that's the thing too
He's racing to finish the next book
But then you know at some point
All these shows have to go in their own direction
I mean that's the thing about Walking Dead as well
Is that the treat is
They do sort of honor the comics
But at the same time they've gone in a different direction
They've created new characters
They've sort of taken things from the comics
And sort of switched them around
Changed the timetable
It's enjoyable for both
It's an opportunity to have two different sort of
Paths for that
You know that genre
Yeah the other lobe of the controversy
Was a really specific thing of like the brutality
Of the which and I think
I think the reason why it was so controversial
Is because also it wasn't
In the books so that's kind of the definition
Of gratuitous
Was Sansa's wedding night
Was in this like her third wedding night
Sansa hasn't had
A good life
And so
There was her wedding night to
Shitbag
Yeah Ramsey
Cool name, bad guy
She you know he
Whatever but if you don't know
It doesn't matter it's a brutal
It's not a great consensual
Kind of wedding night
And now so
Cinematically as far as what happens
On the screen it's actually one of the least
Gratuitous things in the Game of Thrones history
There's a shot of him ripping up in the back of her dress
And then the rest is played on her
Terrified face which is all the more brutal
And also
It's like yeah it's like the rest of the show
Is just like actual reverse cowgirl action
And people everyone you know one can
Actually ever have sex in Game of Thrones
Everyone someone's always walking in
Um
But I
So I
I was like okay so it wasn't in the book
Okay and then there's a lot of argument
Of like well we already knew Ramsey was bad
Why are we doing this
And you certainly don't want to dance near the
Hot button of like the emerging
Feminism and stuff and I don't want to take that stuff lightly
Or dismiss it for dumb reasons
But I will say
I feel like the whole Game of Thrones series
Not being not a guy
That read the books like when I watch the show
I feel like those two sisters
Arya and Sansa
That the whole series is like
It's this like to me
The whole point of that show
Is that I'm waiting for the two of them
To enter the same room again
After all these years because one of them
In the beginning of the show
Is just a standard like oh I'm
The princess archetype and my value
Is in learning to sew and I'm going to get married off
And I'm a diplomat and I'm going to learn how to
How to consolidate power from my family
Because I'm pretty and blah blah blah
And then the other girl is like I want to shoot arrows
You're not allowed to shoot arrows and it's like okay
We resonate with them
And then the shit just hits the fan
And these two girls in particular
They're separated and now we're just
Watching them like Arya has now become
Like this weird ninja assassin
That's like learning how to like bender
Mind so she can poison people or whatever
And like and Sansa is
Like is no less
A hero and by virtue
Of the tragedy that's befalling her
It's like it's two it's like the darkest
Versions of their little fantasies
We were watching them before their lives
Went to hell and so
For that one reason
I was like well you know what
The more bad shit that happens to Sansa
The better like maybe
That's the point or I don't know
I think the thing is
You're right it's a very delicate
Topic especially right now
In society and in the world and you
Have to be prepared to
Either justify it or
Be sort of cognizant
That this is going to create a controversy
And you better have
Sort of your explanation ready
You better be ready to sort of explain it
And sometimes I'm surprised
When networks or producers are caught off guard
By controversy when you can
Sort of see it a mile away
And in this age of social media
Anything can become a controversy
So you always have to be ready to
Explain yourself and
Justify the direction
You want to show so that's where
I kind of sort of still don't understand
Is when people aren't ready to
Have they had a response
Has there been a response from the production side
To the controversy? Has anyone issued a statement
Saying like look here's
Leave us alone we're Game of Thrones or anything
Have they said anything?
They've come out and said
We apologize if we have offended
People that wasn't
The purpose of the storyline
Sort of the usual sort of explanation
And so
You know they're big
You know so
I have a question
I thought
Thank you Curtis
Well I was just wondering something
Because I might be wrong because I'm
Way behind I'm still in the books
But
My question is
My question is that the problem
With this particular case
Was that it actually
Instantly corrected
That it was something that in the books
Did not happen to that character
It was something that was imposed
On the character is that correct
So that was the reason
For the controversy it wasn't the fact
That it was a rape or how
Visually brutal it was
It was that they arbitrarily
Took another character and gave
The rape to this character
Yeah I think it was all the above
That it was sort of just you know
The form of this was going to incite
Some concern out there and on social
Media especially you know this is
An age of social media as you know Dan
That you know and that's
Actually it's weird you know it's like
With Sopranos, Deadwood, Game of Thrones
I mean
I'm not defending anything
But the word
For the other side is that it's like come on
What are we getting high on when we're watching
These shows it's like
You know there's a point when
Like it looks like
I'm trying to avoid spoilers so I'm just
Speaking of very general things but there's a
Point when it looks like
Peter Dinklage might die
And that's not a spoiler it's just
Like he's in a tough physical spot
And I found myself going like you know what
This could be it and that's
What makes that show so amazing that's what made
Breaking Bad really interesting it's like
The brutality and the randomness
The chaos it's like
Holy shit like I don't know
That shows first season ends in one of
The biggest like
What the fucks in TV
History because you're like what
He was Michael Thrones
You killed Michael Thrones
It's his game
Cersei
Literally five minutes earlier told him
To give him the Game of Thrones speech
Remember she's like if you're going to play this
Game of Thrones I suggest you be very
Careful and he's like okay I will be
Careful skunk
And we were like holy shit
And we were like you know we're tearing
In our shirts and we're like freaking out
And then we just like sacked Aaron waited
For the next season because we're like holy shit
And it's happened a thousand times in that
Show since then and so
That's the only I'm neither
Defending nor
Nor attacking because of the
Sensitivity of the issue and it's like
I don't want to mansplain
About any of that stuff
I don't want to stay on the TV
Like consumer side of this
Thing and none of my business on the
Gender side
But that's the other thing to consider
Is just like you know the fucking
Like brutality
We can't
Because the argument I keep hearing is like
Come on give me a break we already knew that guy was a bad guy
I'm like well that's come on
By that argument
Oscar the Grouch is as bad as it should get
Because he's like
If you want to freak
People out Oscar's got a like
Lunge at Big Bridge throat and everyone's like
I'll be like I fucking hate birds
Because I'm racist
Just blood everywhere
A series finale of Sesame Street
Fade to black
Why don't we bring out media correspondent
Spencer Crittenden
Is that
I walked in with a bag
I brought a paper bag it says Hannah on it
In Sharpie
It's not an emergency is Hannah here
Okay there's Hannah
Erin packed a little bag for her
Okay good
I thought I'd use Spencer's sit down time
Is that it does it say Hannah on it
This is below your pay grade
You're a comptroller
But you can hand it off
There it goes to Marissa
We have like a whole congregation I know people's names
Oh that's for Erin
That's the backpack
Is that just a drug deal that happened
I had this idea where you could sell cocaine
Out of a bowling alley
By putting it in the shoes
And this is very similar
To that whole methodology
What TV shows are you watching Spencer
Oh you know
I don't know
I just started watching Silicon Valley
I just got caught up
Yeah Game of Thrones
Okay
Not spoilers
It's been said that obsidian can kill
Those white walkers
And they've revealed arrowheads made of obsidian
And spoiler alert
Sometimes the white walkers
Watch things they just stand there
Watching stuff happening
Why can't they just shoot them in the fucking face
With obsidian arrows
It'd be done it'd be over
No more game
You mean like the
Leaders
They just stand there
Assholes
I don't know
When I saw those obsidian arrowheads
I was like what the fuck are you idiots doing
If you didn't show the arrowheads
I wouldn't have this question in my brain
Okay sorry
I know but I mean there's only a limited
Supply of white walkers
There's not infinite of them
You could just four arrows done
Yeah
Okay sorry everybody
All I've been thinking about you guys
Is just
Just Minecraft
Just Minecraft Blood Magic
Alright shit, alright
Well it's 9-11
Yay
It's always off putting to the new guests
It's just 9-11
And there is no hidden layer to it
They cheer at 9-11 because we've trained them too
And
The goal is just to be bad people
Like
Alright so
Golden Age of TV
But Silicon Valley by the way
Having a great second season
I'm way behind on that
I haven't watched since the finale of the first one
It's good man
I'm kind of scared
I need to hear that before I dive in
Because like Kumil is a very good friend of the show
And it's like if I have like a
What if I hate it
I mean not hate, like his parts are better this season
I think
He's always perfect
Come back Kumil
And Dreamy
What are you guys thinking about this season
Of Orphan Black
Boo
Oh my god I love that
You love Orphan Black
I love Orphan Black
It's a great show
It's really getting into the weeds though
So I feel like
The last not this past Saturday's episode
But the week before
I felt like they were getting back on track
So fingers crossed
I'm in it for good
I feel like maybe now
They're getting back on track
There wasn't enough Alice in this season
Oh no but you know what
They've got more Helena
And Helena is now my favorite
Oh my god I love her so much
I love Tatiana Maslany
I'm sorry but I love Tatiana Maslany
I get
I think it's good with olive oil
Just a little salt
Tatiana Mosalini
For the whole table
So are you married
Schneidi? Yes
To a lady? Yes
See how modern I am
Look at you
Speaking of gay marriage
I thought of one more reason to support it
While I was getting dressed
A couple days ago
80% of all straight marriages
Are gross people
And all gay marriages
Are adorable
I've never seen a gay couple
And I'm not talking about
Because they're good looking people
I've never seen a gay couple
And gone like those two are
Those two suck
But I all constantly
Universal city walk
Is just a parade of shit bags
And they're all straight married couples
I mean what are we protecting
Alright anyways
That was my culture segment
I think that's a big city walk issue
Like did you see that
Documentary with George Decay
George Decay and his husband
They're goddamn adorable
Is that condescending to say
Is that a new form of homophobia
Is that infantilizing them?
George Decay is the best though
I'm not saying they're adorable
As human beings to dehumanize
I'm saying their marriage is adorable
He's adorable
So when you come home to your wife
And she's like
I was going to endow her
As like washing dishes
But then I started spiraling into
Feminist reaction
But I'm saying she finished her job
As like a powerful attorney
And she's just
A little bit of protein on a plate
Cleaning her own plate
That's what you guys do
She's a graphic designer
She's washing a dish
And she's not good at it
She's like
Fuck
And
I just wanted to put her in a position
Where you guys are a sweet married couple
And you're coming up behind her
Like you're going to what tonight
Dan Harmon
What is that?
Do you ever come up behind her
And put your hands over her eyes
And then
Sweetly whisper in her ear
Is your schnity sense tingling?
As coined by Dan Harmon
I really want to make this happen
It's funny
You tweeted that out to me
But then there were Michael Schneiders
Actually tweeted back at you
And thanking you I guess
It was
The schnity sense
I think it's how you should open all of your columns
Anything that you write you should say
Hey is your schnity sense tingling
Whatever panel I moderate
From here on out at Comic Con
That's all
Hey is your schnity sense tingling
Hey it's me Mike Schneider
Another rape on Game of Thrones last night
And the fans are a buzz
Stay tuned
Alright
I was actually bringing up your wife
Because I was just curious
She's a graphic designer
I'm assuming she's kind of a TV buff
Or maybe not I don't know
We watch a lot of TV together
But the problem is we fall asleep in front of the TV at different times
So then we can't actually ever delete anything on the DVR
Because I got to watch
All that episode she didn't
There was something I didn't
And so we were never
Actually deleting anything
I don't have a point to that story
It's just reality folks
Are you a positive TV viewer
Like when you're watching are you always
You don't seem like a very judgmental
I'm not a critic so that helps
I don't have to critique shows
But you don't watch it through that lens
Of like grumble grumble grumble
Or snarky snarky snarky snark
No for the most part not
If I had a bad run in with someone
Then it kind of
It does maybe cloud a little bit
My viewing pleasure
Example! Example! Example!
They're clapping but they're not chanting
They're not so
They like my chanting
I think we're supposed to do a jig at that point
You can't give an example
I probably can't
Vince Gilligan was like
He mistook you for a waiter
At a luncheon
Exactly, no Vince is like
One of the sweetest guys
I know!
Why does the best TV writer
Have to also be the nicest
It fucks up everything for everybody
Cause it's like oh Dan why are you
An asshole
Clearly no actual reason
Before Vince Gilligan like
Brovio popped you know
Your congeniality
It was a myth
That you could perpetuate
I'm too talented to be nice
But now he's just like
I don't know I love making TV
And he makes the darkest TV
I'm the luckiest guy in the world
You introduced me to Vince Gilligan
Which is like the biggest favor
Cause then he ended up doing a
Prospector on Community
And he's so awesome
I never did get my finders fee
You don't consider this a reward
Me bringing you out
And talking about rape
And grilling you about your marriage
He came to the set
And was like off book
For his prospector character
And was so like
Determined to do a good professional
Job as an actor
It was awesome
He was like
Again didn't have to
He doesn't have to give a shit
He could have like rolled in there in a diaper
And been like
Someone get the shit out of this
And give me a lemonade
And then a teleprompter
Cause I'm not gonna learn anything
I make TV I'm not gonna learn your TV
But he came in
And just as a cowboy
And was like where do I stand
Alright let me
Let me get in his own
Howdy partners
And he's fucking nailed it
He had been working on it all night
He knew how to twirl a gun
But the showrunner who nailed it
Of course was Mitch Hurwitz
Yeah he's amazing
We gotta have him back on here
Alright
We should bring out
DeMorge Brown
If he's here
I saw him here
This is Mike Schneider
From TV Guide Magazine
He's the chief content officer
C.C.O. Yo
Yo
You wanna weigh in
On the state of television?
No
I don't know what else there's to say
It's changing
And I think that
The audience is
Sort of dictating the format right now
It's still finding its place
It's still grounding itself
But that's venue related
And the stories are everybody's
Sort of heightening stakes
And the audience is responding to
What it wants and everybody else is trying to keep up
Speaking of which
One more thing about TV
That's an important breaking topic
Algorithmic versus
Development
There's this new thing
Netflix was assembled by
Someone looking at a chart
Of Kevin Spacey fans
Also like political thrillers
And also like what's her name
When they assemble the show
Based on an algorithm
They skipped that whole thing
Of the writer comes up with an idea
And then the suit helps them
Because whatever
Ostensibly suits no more than
Writers about making TV
Which is the dumbest idea
It doesn't make any sense
I see people having different opinions
Because it does sound a little Orwellian
Yahoo knew
I think I've told the story
Of what community was worth
I doubt they turned a profit on community
Because
They probably paid a lot of money for it
How would you make that back
I don't think their intention
Was to turn a huge profit
I think their intention was to draw big numbers
And they knew that those numbers would be big
Because they already knew
Where they revealed that they already knew
Have they shown you any numbers?
Before the show aired
Everything is going according to
Their fucking weird
Goldbloom and Jurassic Park
They graft out
A bell curve
Of unique impressions
Potential and blah blah blah
It's just going according to plan
They're like NASA technicians
They were never worried about it
I'm sitting there going
This cave man
Silicon Valley people
They can melt things with their eyes
They get shit done for a living
You contrast that with these
Orange people
Development people that are like
So
I don't think a female lead is going to work
Why don't you think
Who are you? Where did you go to school?
What seminar did you attend?
Who are you? My name is
Michael Jacobson
You just burnt the bridge
You're not going to be able to build back, see
I'm Mr. Hollywood
I make television
I'm Michael Jacobson
I hope there's no one named Mike Jacobson
You're going to hear from all of them
I'm bright orange
I'm an orange person
I have three posters on the wall behind me
One is for a show I worked on
Which is a piece of shit
One is for a classic TV that I didn't work on
The other is for some fucking
French thing with a French title
It's like I'm smart
And I've never seen it
I'm orange!
I feel badly for shows like Homicide Life on the streets
That sort of had to run this gauntlet
Of anonymity
And also being praised
Because they were forced into that network
Yeah, and there were a lot of those shows
That would have lasted a lot longer if they'd been on now
Because they have that rabid fan base
But it just was the wrong time
It would have been popular and would have been seen more probably
I talked to people about that show
And it blows my mind
I mean I love the wire
It was ahead of its time
So it would have lasted like 10 years now
If it was on today
And who knows, they're bringing back everything
So maybe one day they'll bring that back
So right after an all new Fuller House
I can't believe full
The Full House thing was happening
It was announced that they were going to do Full House
And then a couple weeks later
The new headline was Dave Couillier
Going on to do Full House
I'm like, dude, you close that deal
First
I'm no Full House fan
But you don't do it without the Cools
What are you going to have?
Zach Efron doing bullwinkle impressions
For the 32 year old girls
He tucks them in
The Cools contract writer was
Just unattainable at first
They were all pretty much on
It was funny just a couple days ago
They said that Saget was on board
But he's been on board from the beginning
I should know that more than anybody
We're always taping our third episode
When Allison Breeze contract closes
It's always like
Are we going to be able to air this?
Different people need
Different amounts of time to scare me
Will you stay and play Shadowrun?
No, it's probably your favorite part of the podcast
Should I?
I would like you to
I like it when our guests do it
Curtis was a newcomer
I was once new
You like playing Shadowrun
Now I'm so experienced
I'm almost cynical about the whole thing
You're going to phone it in tonight?
Yeah, probably
Is that as a kid?
Oh, a long time ago
You got your character sheet
It's got a bunch of nonsense on it
Sorry, Spencer
It's like
We're all drunk
I'm going to mess this up horribly
Yeah, yeah
But primarily it's just improvised storytelling
And a turn-based format
With Spencer is the only one
Can actually say what happens
But the rest of us
Shadowrun can say what we want
To try to do
It's probably a pretty good explanation
So
Do we
We got a doctor
You're playing the doctor, right?
I guess I am, but you went on to another story
I don't know if Dr. Friend is still in the story
Oh, he's there
He was instrumental
You don't cut Cowboy out of Midnight Cowboy
And
Morges, of course
I wonder if we should just have
Schneider play Mercy O'Donnell
Or
I know, I had a little
I had a discussion, because Erin
Texted me during the show sometimes
When she's not doing it, she's going to watch it live
And
I don't know, she's like
You always have a girl come up to play
Mercy, and then we got in one of those conversations
Every point of view is like
Yeah, but
We don't have a lot of
Women up here, and then it's like
It's not because only a woman can play the character
It's just because they make up half the
Planet, and then we don't
Have any up here, and then there's a character
That's a lady
God, it's hard to be a white knight these days
That's what I've learned
That's the phrase for what I do
I'm always white knighting, that's my thing
White knighting, man
But it's not the
Doing it to get laid thing
I'm just doing it to try
To trick people into liking me
Like, give these women a break, man, I'm a big hero
I think that's usually
Why people do it, I don't think the
You know, those gallant nerds are trying to get laid
They're just trying to do what they think
I mean, make people like them
If we're going to eliminate that
As a
If trying to make people like you
Isn't a good reason to
Not be racist or sexist or anything
I might have to just give up
I don't know what else
Is in it for me anymore
I'm just going to roll over and die
Yay!
I heard your brains
Weird young hologram brains
Hurry up and die, old man
They could have our future world
Get out of our way, fatty
Old fat man
With your dumb
70s
Concepts
Wait, I said dumb 70s in pause
The glasses
First of all, like I was searching
For the word glasses
While touching them
What do you call these on my face?
Second of all, come on
It's supposed to be safe here
Calling myself old and fat
And you're going
Don't forget your glasses are dumb
And you don't shower either
Alright, so we got a mercy
We got a night blade, we got a horde guard
We got a doctor
Jeff's character
We're fine
Have a girl play Jeff's character
We got Annie
We got real life Annie
You've had your big moment in the spotlight
I don't think that's a good enough reason
You seem kind of beleaguered by it
I don't blame you
People feel like I should be up there
The guys have been talking
That sounds like a mandate
We just don't even have enough chairs
We don't even have enough chairs
This is all behind people
We're not going to reject Annie and then say yes to Adam
That's not
That's crazy
I sure was
Alright
Adam Goldberg
One of these days
Curtis will be back
Right to the moon
Adam Goldberg told me in the green room
Which he's not allowed in
That he wrote a
He did knock though
Which if you knock on the green room door
Why are you near the green room
I enjoyed his knock
It was pleasurable to me
He wrote a quiz
Which obviously we don't have time to do tonight
I thought he wrote it for the AV club
I'm way
My assistant is so fired
What's up
Is Dustin going to do a music
Or
Am I going to do it off a cappella
Is that even what you guys are looking for right now
Annie why don't you come up
Do you need help
Anything
Yeah
I forgot
We'll have Annie play
I can't remember
Eve Libertine
Alright thank you Annie
Real life Annie
After that
Enthusiastic
No
Conditional love
Lapid
Did you like the finale
Like seriously
The whole scene
Like you're like oh pick out this costume
And I'm like okay sure
And then it's like there's literally this whole scene
About what we were talking about
And then with that button
Of Annie saying like a misfiring skirt
Like it was like
It was like you were speaking and it was like we were speaking
Did you
What did you think about the
It was like three in the morning
I'd shoot the last scene
And I'd been up all night and I got
I wrote the scene and Annie enters the study room
And Jeff is standing there
And the cursor's been blinking there forever
And I wrote like four different versions
I wrote like truly raunchy like
The joke is how horny they are for each other
Scenes and then I erased it
And I wrote like
Oh why are we still forcing this
We're not into this and this version
And I just like all erased and the cursor's still blinking
And then I had Erin on instant message
And I said what do I do
What do I do here
And Erin said have you ever seen Drop Dead Fred
And
And I said no I actually haven't seen it
And she was like there's a very sweet kiss
At the end of Drop Dead Fred
She has to kiss Drop Dead Fred goodbye
It's not a sexual kiss
It's not necessarily an unromantic kiss
But it's not
It's not
They're not macking on each other as the kids said
In 1982
But
It was like a kiss goodbye
Like it was love
What did you think
I try not to
Ship because I believe that the people
Who are making our television for us should be making
Those decisions and people shouldn't be complaining
On the internet about it just because they want to see two people kiss
Oh shit
Alright
Thank you
But that being said
Two things
Not only was it a really nice
And not a really done thing
I also really love that in Jeff's fantasy
She was wearing the same outfit
He was still coming back to that
Yeah well that was
Faster to shoot that way
The truth comes out
Alright anyways yeah that was weird for me to
Fish like actually it was
I wanted more to give Erin credit
For helping me write the
The final scene
Of the season
With some nice sweet advice
Cold from a silly movie
That I hadn't seen
That's called a muse
That's what you call
Yeah
Because women can't be writers but they can be muses
As long as it's not that horrible Sharon Stone movie
That's an Albert Brooks movie
They were both in it
Alright
Alright well I guess
That's it
What else could I possibly do
To slow down the show
Oh did you notice I'm in costume
You're wearing the same thing right
The costume in question sort of
Right but this is it
You're so impressed
It's silent it's amazing
Welcome to cosplay
It's this boring
Well yeah when you're cosplaying just a regular person
Right
Hey I spent four hours
Sewing this ruffle onto my dress
Oh no
Four hours
For those of you who aren't watching the video
If Annie just threw her cane
I'm so mad
In anger because no one applauded her outfit
Don't do it now now you just be
They weren't gonna do it
Okay now that's horrible
That's a toxic
That was terrible
That was like that little tiny turd that comes out of my dog
When I make him poop
I'm like you can't
You're great training him
You better pretend to pee if nothing else
Then you can come back in and eat
And he's like a little drop comes out
Alright
Is there a guest
Mike are you having a good time
Yes although I'm nervous now
I'm gonna screw this up
Have you memorized the sheet yet
I'm gonna take him back in two minutes
You'll very quickly see
That nervousness will give way to
Frustration and boredom
Not induced by your skills
I mean I'd say it is
But yeah if you get
Confused just kinda
Withdraw you don't have to really dig in
Deeper and try and understand any of that
Stuff so
There you go
And now
It's time
For a new episode of
Shadow Run
Is there a guest
That we have to give credit for
Yeah this one is just a tweet that Jeff Davis sent
Oh okay
Guest summarizer Jeff Davis
Yup
Alright
Where's the cue
Here it is
Alright
Harmontown Shadow Run recap now
Eve had an eagle flap tear gas out
Mercy was composed
But cried
Nightblade baked a guard's brains
Dicks were of average size
That's it
I baked a brain
Yeah I mean realistically
Someone broke a window
So that tear gas could leave
And then you taste someone so hard
As brain melted
Alright so we're like in a room
In this kind of hospital
You're in the hospital of a brain plus
Limited you're in the C Beta Ward
You snuck in there
Using lies and
Sutterfuge to try and infiltrate this place
You're looking for secret stolen data
Well I don't know if it's stolen
Secret data
That you're trying to steal
For your employer
Are we all in the same room
Yeah you're all in the same room
There's two guards knocked out on the floor
They're unconscious
Alright well you guys know what I'm thinking
It's the old dress as a guard
You know what
I just started taking off the guards
One of the guards pants
I'm a man of action
I'm not going to explain myself
And since we're in a hospital
And I'm a doctor
I'm going to stay in my clothes
And just pretend like I'm a doctor
In this hospital
Is that okay?
I'm going to size up my compatriots
And compare them to the sizes of the
Indisposed guards to see who might
Fit in their clothes better
One of the guards
Is
Human sized
That's the only guard whose clothes
Haven't been removed
Alright
I'll undress this guard and stick these
Human sized clothes on
They feel really good
They absolutely do
Pleather
Well
Since horticard
Since you kind of have the psychic abilities
But I'm also rather minute
So perhaps the clothes would not fit on me
That's quite true
Think they'd fit me
Yeah, yeah I'd say
You're pretty average
I'll get dressed up as the other guard
That happens
Two suits of guard clothes
Alright
Well
Now we need to play in
Wait a minute
Do I not have clothes on?
You have normal people
Clothes on
So you don't need more guards
Well there aren't any more guards
That could be an avenue to explore
Yeah maybe we should go find some more
And
I was wondering if I could use spell casting
To create a uniform for myself
Sorry
Why don't you
Psychically scope out the
Outside area
See if we're going to get a lay on the land
So I'm going to use a short of
One of these
Sort of mental
Mental waves, mental planning
Sort of active softs
To scope and see if there are any guards
In the vicinity
You got that was like a detect
Detect humans
Kind of spell
Provided the guards are human
Yeah
Well you do that
You detect not any guards
Anywhere nearby or in the outside hall
Except for the one that you
Well you can't detect it because it's dead
But you detect humans
Not in this hall but in the next hall
Over there's all sorts of them
With weaker auras
Some of them are sick and damaged
Have cyberwares
And certain ailments that are causing
Their spirits to look differently
Colored the normal to your senses
This would suggest to me that they are
Perhaps patients
Subjects
That the chips might also
Be in this room, is this possible
That they're being tested on them
You don't know
Anything about that
I have like a meta question
Yes
Like do I not remember
You saying
Didn't we scope this place out
And there's like some computer room
There's a security room
In the top floor of the building
That someone found
I don't know who it was
That's gotta be where the butterfly would be
Well it would be with securities
Let's rate the butterfly
I mean
Look, jeez
I'm not really a thinking man
It's not that the guy playing me is stupid
It's
The guy playing me is like
The Dustin Hoffman of role playing
The character of me
I'm just an idiot
A little drunk
I deserve accolades
Not
For anyone to think I'm a bad, bad player
I guess I'm kind of at a loss
I think we just gotta find
Like records room
I guess I would start up with that security area
Does the maps off
Is it detailed enough to have a map inside the building
No, you don't have any maps of this building
Quite
May I use my vision zoom
To look through
The building to find
The
Security room
The vision zoom is like a magnifying
Kind of thing
It can't see through stuff, but like you could see
60 feet away
So if I leave
Looking for it
I'll use my vision zoom
And I'll be in the hallway
And I can see it
Right at the end of the hallway
If it is there
Yes
Well, I mean
Let me look
You head out into the hallway using your vision zoom
And you only see
A hallway leading to the
I can't see
No good
The B Beta Ward
What about, can I use perception
To
Find out where we're supposed to go
Yeah, you look around
And you locate a small plaque
That has a virtual
Readout of the map of the place
And you can see all the
Offices with listings for all the
Employees and there's an office
That still lists Baldwin Brown
Ah
Now we're getting somewhere
I would suggest we use my
Sneaking 4 plus 2
To sneak there
To sneak there, it's going to be quite
Some ways you trace your way through the map
And you're going to at least have to go down some
Stairs that are located by the
Central cafeteria area
I can't do stairs
Metta
There's a
Me and Mercy will go
With you
If she's with guards, you know
She should be safer
She won't look like an interloper
You guys are on your own
I'm a bad leader
Could we
Perhaps leave the doctor
With the
Guards who have been redressed
Is that possible
To keep an eye on them, should they wake
And possibly
I would like to follow them
With you, with the guards
Leave me with the guards
Okay
That's
Kind of a shit duty
It's what I usually do
I wind up waiting
In the car, but at least I'm in the room
This time
Why don't we
Make sure they don't wake up for a long time
I stun them both again
Their bodies twitch
I don't want anyone to feel
Left out
This is the shadow run
Maybe what we could do
Is we could put you
In a wheelchair
I'm the doctor
And we could be walking down
Like I've got my
I've got my file
Here and we're on our way to a
You know, to have her look at
Okay
We'll just kind of escort you
Everybody's together
Watch the guards
That's what I'll do
Well, otherwise I'd be the only one
Looking like a weirdo
You come with too
We've got two guards, a doctor, a patient
It's not like anyone's going to go
But who's that guy?
It looks like I can forge some documents
Do you need those medical records forged?
Yes
Just trying to help
No, I had
Did I sound sarcastic?
I got really excited about you forging documents
I got really excited too
Let's do it
Let's do a montage of him forging documents
Is there a music cue?
Nope, there's no music guy
Dustin's getting high
He's like
No, there's none
And then documents
Alright
Let's get some out
They're really convincing looking to your eyes
I wish I could whistle
So I could do that
These are some smart looking docs
You know it
It's what I do
Everybody take a document
Even the doctor
Let's go
Head for the Baldwin's office
Alright
You do that
You charge out into the hallway and down
Down the hallway and through a door
As you open the door
You hear the sounds behind you
Of five or six guards shuffling into the hallway
They're just kind of looking around
But they don't seem bothered by your
Official looking presence
You cross out of the hallway
And into the cafeteria area
You see all sorts of delicious
Salads
Real salads
Not the fake shit
But
You're only distracted momentarily
You get to the elevator
Which is next to the stairwell that I mentioned earlier
I press a button
Which one?
One of you guys want to help me pick a button?
Which floor was Baldwin on?
Down
Did you say that?
Did you say down?
You want to press it?
You press it
Alright the elevator arrives
Alright
This is so amazing
We're fucking nailing this
I've been on a lot of Shadow Runs
And I was like
This is fucking butter
It's a nice quiet moment
In the elevator together
Let's get to know each other
Where'd you learn to forge documents like that?
Use of practice
You're looking really sharp in that
Oh thanks
I used to work in law enforcement
It's part of my dark past
How you doing doc?
I'm good
Is this stirring your annoyance
To be back in a medical establishment?
I'm back where I need to be
Why'd you fall from grace?
I'm sorry
It's nothing I want to talk about
Talk about right now
If I summon some butterflies
Would we all shut up?
The fuck?
I was just making a joke
I'm sorry
I'm not Jeff
In case you didn't notice
Awkward
The door opens
Into a large reception like area
With no windows
It seems like you may be underground
Or something
So there's a nice receptionist
Seated at a desk
Her brown hair
Sharp
Stylish
Future style
It looks crazy but normal for you guys
She looks up at you expectantly
She doesn't say anything though
Hey Mercy
You're usually the tricky talker
You'll see by these documents
There you go
She looks at the documents
And inspects them thoroughly
She's like this is great
I was just saying that
In the elevator
This guy's amazing
But she glances over
At horticard
And it's like that guy
Who's he?
Very comely
Very stoically
My identification
That says Frank Douglas security guard
And provide this to her
I work
Mostly on the ground floor
Looking for troublesome people
Hence the armor
Okay
Here you do this
You do this here
This is correct
Hey Mercy
Use your patented
Convincing skills
And spin a little something
Alright
We're supposed to be here
So shut up
Yeah
We're just going to keep going
So thanks
Okay
You push pastor
Lady what's the problem
I mean we got two security guards
Who is this guy? He says he works here
He gives me an ID that shows
He works at the different location
He's a fancy fucking security consultant
You're talking your way into a god damn
Like a
Burnt bridge to nowhere
Aren't you a temp?
I'm Dr. Friend
And this is my patient
And
He's in serious condition
And needs help
And we need to get to Dr. Brown's office
You're going to let us go
And that's the end of it
Oh alright
You're the doctor
Thank you
She lets you go through
The door into the next room
Alright I hope that works
I mean I can't
I don't read people that well
Where's
Where's Brown
You're in a large circular
Room it's completely
Circular there's a central
Kind of
Also circular area
Looks like it's maybe some sort of shaft
Or who knows what
But doors are on the outside of this
Room kind of radiating off
Like spokes all over the place
You smell formaldehyde
And other unsavory smells
All over the place
It's heavy in the air down here
Must not get too much ventilation
Down here or something
It's making it smell shitty
See six doors
Excluding the one you came through
To the waiting area
Alright
Let's look for Baldwin Brown's door
There's one that says
That's the number of Baldwin Brown's office
You guys
For those just listening
Annie's pain
This is like a low budget
Mic drop
I'll stay in guard
In case that receptionist stuff
Didn't really work
I'll just zapper
Anybody comes through here
They won't get much further
I'll tell you that for nothing
But just as you're saying that
You're chirping
Of your comlink
Making some noise as if you're receiving
Some sort of call
From an encrypted line
Hello
Hey
Remember me
No
It's Baldwin
Baldwin Brown
You got me my latest job
Yeah
Wait what
You delivered me to a new employer
Yeah
Did they kill you?
No I'm still alive
That's great
It's better than not being that
You're right
Anyway
It has come to my attention
That you're going after some of my research
It seems my employer has hired you
To steal that research
From me for their benefit
What?
If you say so
I mean I'm not looking to
Start anything here
I'm just saying you know
I really don't want them to have it
They didn't earn it
It's dangerous if they have it
The world's gonna end
All sorts of shit
Please don't deliver it to them
Listen Baldwin
Discuss why we shouldn't
Do our jobs
When you're doing your job
And everyone in the world does their job
Maybe we could make up a new job
Where you pay us to not do our jobs
That's also
There's a vast American tradition in that
It's called subsidy
You know
I had an uncle who had a friend
He literally
His job was to not grow corn
Of course
These were the old days
Before the pocket clips
When there was corn
Now you see a salad
You fucking freak out
Back then there was corn everywhere
So anyways
Without
Freaking out
We're really close to our objective
We're gonna follow through on it
Cause dumb to get this far
I'm under tight surveillance
I mean I'm not
I'm not under
I'm not allowed to leave the building
I can't escape physically
So I'm kinda stuck here
Well you got phone privileges
So why don't you call us
In 10 minutes
Anyway I'm sending one of my
Associates to your location
Maybe we can make a drop
If you're willing
Ask him what it's worth
Tell him he's breaking up
I can break it
It doesn't work
It's been 30 years since that's been
A valid excuse
Well hold on
I'm gonna put you on the phone with
Mercy
I'm just a hood
I'm just like a muscle
I'm gonna put you on the phone with
Mercy
She's like the diplomat
And the talker
Hello
It's Baldwin
Baldwin who
Baldwin Brown
Remember me
No
Well that's okay
You don't need to know who I am
I don't think
You're allowed to just say you found him
I heard
It's nice sneaking and we find them
Well no
There's this door
It's got all sorts of crazy locks
It looks like it has some sort of biometric scanner on it
That needs some sort of important
Authorized data to let someone through
Shit
I look on my person for like
Doesn't Mercy have some sort of access
To these sorts of things?
We're security guard closed
Don't we have something on us that's like a
You know like a card?
It doesn't seem to be reacting to the thing
It seems like
If I use these smart linked
Sunglasses
Is there a way to tap into the system
Maybe backdoor it and find a code from inside
Do you have hacking? I don't think you do
I have lock picking that won't work
Nope
I have computer, software, hardware
I mean very low
Ratings
What was the first one?
Arcana
We're in a shadow run and no one knows how to
Fucking do computer shit
It's like the fucking
Point
You hear a voice over
Your comlinks being all like
Hey guys
Did you say you needed hacking
Yeah where's that guy god damn it
Hack guy
You didn't invite me into the uber
God damn it
Like word hack is in his name
Left him
We're the worst shadow runners ever
Can I send an uber for him?
Yeah I mean
I do this remote I've been watching you guys
You set off like 5
Vibration sensors
You broke a window that's like where they're set
Anyway
Let me work on this door it'll take
A couple minutes
Alright keep talking to Baldwin that was good
Baldwin you still there?
Oh yeah you just stopped talking for like
30 seconds
Sorry about that
So where are you calling
From again?
From my office
They don't let me leave you put me here
I don't I mean
This doesn't seem like the important part of why I called
It's important this research
That's my life's work
They didn't earn it they're trying to
Trying to turn it
To make monies and I'm trying to help people
Do you get it
I don't I don't have money
They don't even pay me like
I don't even think that's legal by their standards
But they don't I mean
I could owe you guys
But I don't have the monies
Ask him what these things do like what's the big deal
What do these things do
And what's the big deal
It's research
I mean you guys wouldn't understand it
It has to do with reversing the effects of
BTL chip brain degradation
I've tapped in on my
Comlink and I'm listening in
Can I apply my
Analyze Truth to sign out
Some sense of
Truth to his being
Unfortunately it doesn't work over electronic communication
Yeah I thought I'd try
It's worth it
What if we paid you
Yeah I mean sure
Now you're on our payroll
I could be
Do you guys have payroll
We have some cool
Guards outfits
Also
You'd have to access a digital W9
For yourself
Well that sounds fine
Heck I don't rush or anything
We don't want you to do a less than perfect job
So take your time on the door
Hey man it's done it's been done
Oh Jesus Christ
Alright I open the door
You open the door
You see an antique style
Office it's got old
What do you call it
Unfinishing
That thing where the finishing is going away
Old
An old desk
Tarnished
It's a tarnished desk
You see an old tarnished desk
With a key lock
One of these old style throwback keys
Key locks rather
There's not a key in the lock
Nothing else is in the office
It looks like most of the stuff has been
Moved out recently
Well you know I'm picking that lock
Bar picking that lock
You gonna ask me what my lock picking is
No it should be like
I have a crowbar
I do
Can I use the crowbar
I'd really rather use the lock pickets
Oh so now we get delicate
It's a little more elegant
Alright no go ahead
Is there a danger in leaving it
You know disarrayed
No it's just but it's cooler to pick the lock
If it fails we'll crowbar
Okay okay go
I mean I didn't mean to step on your toes in the elevator
No no it's fine
See I upset you
No you haven't upset me please pick the lock
I pick the lock
Mercy keep it talkin
You pick the lock
It's picked
Okay open it I open it
You open it and you see
You see
Free data chips
I grab them
You do that
They're in your grasp
You've obtained what might be the secret research
Well yeah but also we have to do something
That gives applause
Perhaps
I know you think there should be an ending
Oh that wasn't no you won
Oh okay I got em guys
The posse's in the pocket
But soon that posse's gonna be in my pocket bitch
Who's that
Jesse Yellowman
Are you on the phone
Nope he's in the hospital
With you guys he's snuck in near you guys
Without watching
The ninjas of a cat
I can't talk
He's got the ninjas of a cat
You gotta give me those data chips
The easy way or the hard ways bitch
Snicked
Wolverine claws pop out of his knuckles
Alright that's been Harmontown for
This week let's thank guest Mike Schneider
From TV Guide Magazine
Special guest com
Controller Curtis Armstrong
Annie DeMorde Spencer
In the back room there
Dustin Marshall our producer
Zac McKeever on audio
Kris Boruff
And Sarah Hill
Doing all the video streaming duties
Thank you very much
And yeah we'll see you next week
And hopefully Jeff will be back
And hopefully Curtis will be back
And hopefully you guys can come back anytime you want
Thank you
Did you get any of that
It's a good show